docs: add steps to convert existing cephobjectstore into multisite (#10735)
rook/rook: Documentation/Storage-Configuration/Object-Storage-RGW/ceph-object-multisite.md

## Configure an Existing Object Store for Multisite

When an object store is configured by Rook, it internally creates a zone, zone group, and realm with the same name as the object store. To enable multisite, you will need to create the corresponding zone, zone group, and realm CRs with the same name as the object store. For example, to create multisite CRs for an object store named `my-store`:
```yaml
apiVersion: ceph.rook.io/v1
kind: CephObjectRealm
metadata:
  name: my-store
  namespace: rook-ceph # namespace:cluster
---
apiVersion: ceph.rook.io/v1
kind: CephObjectZoneGroup
metadata:
  name: my-store
  namespace: rook-ceph # namespace:cluster
spec:
  realm: my-store
---
apiVersion: ceph.rook.io/v1
kind: CephObjectZone
metadata:
  name: my-store
  namespace: rook-ceph # namespace:cluster
spec:
  zoneGroup: my-store
  metadataPool:
    replicated:
      size: 1
  dataPool:
    replicated:
      size: 1
  preservePoolsOnDelete: false
  # recommended to set this value if ingress used for exposing rgw endpoints
  # customEndpoints:
  #   - "http://rgw-a.fqdn"
```

> After that modify the existing `CephObjectStore` CR to exclude `pool settings` and add reference to `zone`. Apply below changes so that multisite will work smoothly for RGW.

Reviewer: nit: Add a blank line before and after quoted sections
```suggestion

Now modify the existing `CephObjectStore` CR to exclude pool settings and add a reference to the zone. 

```

```yaml
apiVersion: ceph.rook.io/v1
kind: CephObjectStore
metadata:
  name: my-store
  namespace: rook-ceph # namespace:cluster
spec:
  gateway:
    port: 80
    instances: 3
  zone:
    name: my-store
```

> #### Using custom names for above procedure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Using custom names
```

> If user need to use different name for realm/zone/zonegroup, first rename them in the backend via toolbox pod:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If names different from the object store need to be set for the realm, zone, or zone group, first rename them in the backend via toolbox pod, then following the procedure above.
```

```console
radosgw-admin realm rename --rgw-realm=my-store --realm-new-name=<new-realm-name>
radosgw-admin zonegroup rename --rgw-zonegroup=my-store --zonegroup-new-name=<new-zonegroup-name> --rgw-realm=<new-realm-name>
radosgw-admin zone rename --rgw-zone=my-store --zone-new-name=<new-zone-name>  --rgw-zonegroup=<new-zonegroup-name> --rgw-realm=<new-realm-name>
radosgw-admin period update --commit
```

> After that create realm/zonegroup/zone CRs using above names and update the `CephObjectStore` CR as well. Please note rename of multisite settings need to be performed before creating CRs, otherwise it won't work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! important
    Renaming in the toolbox must be performed **before** creating the multisite CRs
```

```

Removing object store(s) from the master zone of the master zone group should be done with caution. When all of these object-stores are deleted the period cannot be updated and that realm cannot be pulled.

> #### Set up Multisite Configs for already existing CephObjectStore

Reviewer: This should be a higher level title
```suggestion
## Configure an Existing Object Store for Multisite
```

> When a single site `CephObjectStore` CR request comes to Rook, it internally creates zone/zonegroup/realm with the same name as object store. So user can just export them into Kubernetes resources using the same name. For example consider following `CephObjectStore`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an object store is configured by Rook, it internally creates a zone, zone group, and realm with the same name as the object store. To enable multisite, you will need to create the corresponding zone, zone group, and realm CRs with the same name as the object store. 
```

```yaml

> apiVersion: ceph.rook.io/v1

Reviewer: To keep it a bit simpler, I don't think we need this yaml snippet. We can just say we are starting with and existing object store.

kind: CephObjectStore
metadata:
  name: my-store
  namespace: rook-ceph # namespace:cluster
spec:
  metadataPool:
    replicated:

>       size: 1

Reviewer: In the examples let's use replica 3
```suggestion
      size: 3
```

  dataPool:
    replicated:
      size: 1
  preservePoolsOnDelete: false
  gateway:
    port: 80
    instances: 1
```

> For creating multisite related CRs use the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to create multisite CRs for an object store named `my-store`:
```

```yaml
apiVersion: ceph.rook.io/v1
kind: CephObjectRealm
metadata:
  name: my-store
  namespace: rook-ceph # namespace:cluster
---
apiVersion: ceph.rook.io/v1
kind: CephObjectZoneGroup
metadata:
  name: my-store
  namespace: rook-ceph # namespace:cluster
spec:
  realm: my-store
---
apiVersion: ceph.rook.io/v1
kind: CephObjectZone
metadata:
  name: my-store
  namespace: rook-ceph # namespace:cluster
spec:
  zoneGroup: my-store
  metadataPool:
    replicated:
      size: 1
  dataPool:
    replicated:
      size: 1
  preservePoolsOnDelete: false
  # recommended to set this value if ingress used for exposing rgw endpoints
  # customEndpoints:
  #   - "http://rgw-a.fqdn"
```

> After that modify the `CephObjectStore` CRD and apply below changes on it, this trigger creating `realm system user` secret for multisite.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After that modify the existing `CephObjectStore` CR and apply below changes to trigger creation of the `realm system user` secret for multisite.
```

Reviewer: Where is the `realm system user` secret found? Can we link to somewhere else in the docs for that?

Reviewer: How about pointing out the changes to the object store CR? Is the only change that the pools are removed since they belong to the zone now?

```yaml
---
apiVersion: ceph.rook.io/v1
kind: CephObjectStore
metadata:
  name: my-store
  namespace: rook-ceph # namespace:cluster
spec:
  gateway:
    port: 80
    instances: 1
  zone:
    name: my-store
```

> 

Reviewer: How about a separate header?
```
### Renaming the Multisite Resources
```

```

Removing object store(s) from the master zone of the master zone group should be done with caution. When all of these object-stores are deleted the period cannot be updated and that realm cannot be pulled.

## Configure an Existing Object Store for Multisite

When an object store is configured by Rook, it internally creates a zone, zone group, and realm with the same name as the object store. To enable multisite, you will need to create the corresponding zone, zone group, and realm CRs with the same name as the object store. For example, to create multisite CRs for an object store named `my-store`:
```yaml
apiVersion: ceph.rook.io/v1
kind: CephObjectRealm
metadata:
  name: my-store
  namespace: rook-ceph # namespace:cluster
---
apiVersion: ceph.rook.io/v1
kind: CephObjectZoneGroup
metadata:
  name: my-store
  namespace: rook-ceph # namespace:cluster
spec:
  realm: my-store
---
apiVersion: ceph.rook.io/v1
kind: CephObjectZone
metadata:
  name: my-store
  namespace: rook-ceph # namespace:cluster
spec:
  zoneGroup: my-store
  metadataPool:
    replicated:
      size: 3
  dataPool:
    replicated:

>       size: 1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      size: 3
```

  preservePoolsOnDelete: false
  # recommended to set this value if ingress used for exposing rgw endpoints
  # customEndpoints:
  #   - "http://rgw-a.fqdn"
```

Now modify the existing `CephObjectStore` CR to exclude pool settings and add a reference to the zone. 

```yaml
apiVersion: ceph.rook.io/v1
kind: CephObjectStore
metadata:
  name: my-store
  namespace: rook-ceph # namespace:cluster
spec:
  gateway:
    port: 80

>     instances: 3

Reviewer: One instance of rgw is ok for the examples, we just need replica 3 for the pools
```suggestion
    instances: 1
```
